Large amounts of money are coming to me.
Money flows to me easily and naturally, just as the waves flow into the shore.
The more money I have the more money I have to give.
My financial worth increases every day regardless of what I do.
Money is always circulating freely in my life and there is always a surplus.
Every dollar I spend circulates, enriches the economy and comes back to me multiplied.
The more money I have, the more money I can use to help myself and others.
With each breath I become more relaxed.
It is healthy and wise to let go and relax.
Large amounts of money are coming to me.
Money flows to me easily and naturally, just as the waves flow into the shore.
The more money I have the more money I have to give.
It is attracted to me.
My financial worth increases every day regardless of what I do.
Money is always circulating freely in my life and there is always a surplus.
Every dollar I spend circulates, enriches the economy and comes back to me multiplied.
The more money I have, the more money I can use to help myself and others.
Everyday I get more control of my weight.
My thoughts influence my body.
My beliefs create my physical reality.
My new reality includes my ideal weight and shape.
In my mind I am now slim, healthy and attractive.
My physical reality is quick to follow.
My self-esteem is growing daily.
I'm happy being who I am.
All I have to be is me.
My life is meaningful.
My life is important.
I'll now be the best me I can be.
I'm happy being me.
The more I accept and love myself, the more I can accept and love others.
I'm building a storehouse of positive energy.
I'm storing positive thoughts.
I'm storing positive images.
Every day life gets better & better.
My life is infused with calm.
As life pushes on me, I always return to a calm place.
I'm happy being who I am.
If I make mistakes I give myself the benefit of the doubt.
My success is contagious, other people like it, seek it, and respect it.
My life is meaningful.
It is healthy and wise to let go and relax.
Exercise as fun.
Money flows to me naturally, just as the waves flow into the shore.
All the things I want and need come to me.
Everything I do turns into success.
Success comes effortlessly to my direction.
My success is contagious, other people like it, seek it and respect it.
If I make mistakes, I am able to give myself the benefit of the doubt.
Today, I am brimming with energy and overflowing with joy.
My body is healthy; my mind is brilliant; my soul is tranquil.
A river of compassion washes away my anger and replaces it with love.
(If you're married) My marriage is becoming stronger, deeper, and more stable each day.
(For business owners) My business is growing, expanding, and thriving.
Creative energy surges through me and leads me to new and brilliant ideas.
Happiness is a choice. I base my happiness on my own accomplishments and the blessings I've been given.
My ability to conquer my challenges is limitless; my potential to succeed is infinite.
My thoughts are filled with positivity and my life is plentiful with prosperity.
Today, I abandon my old habits and take up new, more positive ones.
Many people look up to me and recognize my worth; I am admired.
Everything that is happening now is happening for my ultimate good.
Though these times are difficult, they are only a short phase of life.
My future is an ideal projection of what I envision now.
My efforts are being supported by the universe; my dreams manifest into reality before my eyes.
The perfect partner for me is coming into my life sooner than I expect.
My obstacles are moving out of my way; my path is carved towards greatness.
My fears of tomorrow are simply melting away.
My nature is Divine; I am a spiritual being.
My life is a joy. I relax easily and open myself up to delightful surprises.
My life is a joy filled with love, fun and friendship.
Affirmations for Personal Growth.
As I become more and more aware of myself as eternal consciousness, I become more peaceful and at ease with all that happens in my life.
Physical reality reflects this peace back to me.
Everything in my life is exactly should be.
My relationships are loving and harmonious.
My life is blossoming in perfection.
