I project wealth and good fortune to each person I meet.
I deserve great sums of money and use it to help yourself and others.
I am putting more loving energy into your work and this is providing you with a larger and larger income.
I am like a magnet to money.
I am learning and growing every day which makes you more valuable to the world.
I see money as a useful tool.
I feel calm and relaxed.
I breathe slowly and deeply.
I breathe as a calm relaxed person.
I feel completely carefree.
I am free of worldly cares.
I am free of unwanted stress.
I choose to enjoy this moment.
I feel very positive and confident.
I feel so peaceful and calm.
I feel so comfortable.
I feel like smiling.
I am smiling.
I am happy and content – and so relaxed.
I project wealth and good fortune to each person I meet.
I deserve great sums of money and use it to help yourself and others.
I am putting more loving energy into your work and this is providing you with a larger and larger income.
I am like a magnet to money.
I am learning and growing every day which makes you more valuable to the world.
I see money as a useful tool.
I love yourself as I am, regardless of weight.
I eject negative thoughts.
I choose to be slim and healthy.
I now see yourself as being slim and healthy.
I eject any negative thoughts about your body.
I choose to think positively about your body.
I now believe and I know that I control your weight.
I shall attain and maintain your ideal weight.
I am at peace with yourself.
I accept yourself.
I love the real me.
I now make good use of your life.
I don't have to be perfect; I just choose to be perfectly me.
I now recognize your talents and skills.
I feel good about yourself.
I feel better each moment.
I now eject negativity.
I now control your thoughts.
I now control your feelings.
I am in charge of your mind.
I am in charge of your life.
I choose to be positive.
I am positive.
I have great potential and I'm going to use it.
I expect good things to happen.
I see something positive in all situations.
I turn negatives into positives.
I am totally positive.
I am peaceful.
I am able to take risks and try new things without fear.
I have great potential and use it.
I recognize and use your talents and skills.
I am confident.
I am enough.
I am in charge of your life.
I expect good things to happen.
I feel good about the way I live your life.
I see the opportunities that are available to you and take advantage of them.
I am successful.
I feel calm and relaxed.
I choose to enjoy this moment.
I choose to be healthy.
I treat your body like a temple. I only put healthy food in it.
I love yourself as I am, regardless of your weight.
I am active every day.
I enjoy eating fresh fruits and vegetables.
I attract powerfully positive and healthy people into your life.
I am caring, smart, supportive, loyal, and fun to be with.
I am a valuable contributor to your relationships.
I articulate your thoughts and feelings to everyone, and I express yourself wisely.
I am learning and growing every day which makes you more valuable to the world.
I project wealth and good fortune to each person I meet.
I always receive more than what I need.
I have a bank account with more than enough.
I am an abundant person.
I create abundance in all that I say and do.
I accept abundance.
I welcome, and am open to receive all abundance that comes.
I draw abundance to yourself today and every day.
I am successful.
I am filled with success.
I attract positive-minded people to me; I draw all things positive to yourself.
I am very fortunate to work at what I love to do.
I make powerful and enjoyable business relationships and many of your business contacts are now your friends.
I am a confident and positive person, and confident and positive persons gravitate toward you everyday.
I know who I obviously am and what I like in personal relationships.
I am attracting powerfully positive and healthy people into your life.
I am caring, smart, supportive, loyal, and fun to be with.
I feel completely at ease and comfortable with all types of people.
I am winning in all your relationships.
I am a positive and valuable contributor to your relationships.
I possess complete ability to articulate your thoughts and feelings to everyone, and I express yourself wisely.
I am sure of your ability to do what is necessary to improve your life.
I feel basically worthy as a person.
I am able to take risks and try new things without fear.
I feel good about the way I do your job.
I feel about yourself pretty much what others think of me.
I have compassion for yourself and the way your life has developed.
I am deserving of all the good things in your life.
I am glowing with health and wholeness.
I behave in ways that promote your health more every day.
I deserve to be in perfect health.
I am highly motivated to exercise your body because I find exercise as fun.
I love nutritious healthy food, and I enjoy eating fresh fruits and vegetables.
I am healthy since your practices are healthy.
I let go of the past so I can create health now.
I create health by expressing love, understanding and compassion.
I am the architect of your life; I build its foundation and choose its contents.
I am superior to negative thoughts and low actions.
I have been given endless talents which I begin to utilize today.
I forgive those who have harmed you in your past and peacefully detach from them.
I am guided in your every step by Spirit who leads you towards what I must know and do.
I possess the qualities needed to be extremely successful.
I am courageous and I stand up for yourself.
I am blessed with an incredible family and wonderful friends.
I acknowledge your own self-worth; your confidence is soaring.
I am a powerhouse; I am indestructible.
I radiate beauty, charm, and grace.
I wake up today with strength in your heart and clarity in your mind.
I am at peace with all that has happened, is happening, and will happen.
I am abundantly joyful and happy.
I am so grateful for your life.
I find beauty and joy in ordinary things.
I choose love, joy and freedom, open your heart and allow wonderful things to flow into your life.
I am free, and always have been. Experiences that made you feel like a victim were only experiences that appeared and disappeared in the arena of consciousness that I am.
I remember yourself as the master that I am, the master I have always been.
I know I have mastery over your life by how still I can keep your mind and how alert I am in the now.
I am clear, untouched, and unharmed by all that I have experienced in your life.
I use your power lovingly when I have influence over others.
I remember yourself as the master that I am, the master I have always been.
I know I have mastery over your life by how still I can keep your mind and how alert I am in the now.
I am clear, untouched, and unharmed by all that I have experienced in your life.
I use your power lovingly when I have influence over others.
I am at peace. I trust in the process of life.
I am connected to divine love and wisdom.
I am harmonious and at peace regardless of your surroundings.
I use your emotions, thoughts and challenges to lead you to deeper, more interesting places within yourself.
I am grateful for all that I am.
I feel God's love within you - and all around me.
I am a channel for loving peaceful energy.
I radiate with loving kindness and life mirrors that back to me.